<! ------------------------- RVM COMMANDS ------------------------!>


RVM (Ruby Version Manager) is a command-line tool which allows you to easily install, manage, and work with multiple Ruby environments. 
Here are some common RVM commands along with their functions:


Ruby Installation and Management

1) Install Specific Ruby Version:
    command: rvm install 2.7.1

2) Uninstall Specific Ruby Version:
    command: rvm uninstall 2.7.1

3) Reinstall Ruby:
    command: rvm reinstall 2.7.1

4) List Installed Ruby Versions:
    command: rvm list

5) Use a Specific Ruby Version:
    command: rvm use 2.7.1

6) Set Default Ruby Version:
    command: rvm use 2.7.1 --default

7) Remove a Ruby Version:
    command: rvm remove 2.7.1


Gemset Management

8) Create a New Gemset:
    Creates a gemset named my_gemset.
    command: rvm gemset create my_gemset

9) Use a Gemset:
    Switches to the gemset my_gemset.
    command: rvm gemset use my_gemset

10) List Gemsets:
    Lists all gemsets for the current Ruby version.
    command: rvm gemset list

11) Delete a Gemset:
    Deletes the gemset my_gemset.
    command: rvm gemset delete my_gemset


Environment and Information

12) Show Current Ruby Version and Gemset:
    Displays the currently active Ruby version and gemset.
    command: rvm current

13) Show All Known RVM Environments:
    Lists all Ruby versions known to RVM that can be installed.
    command: rvm list known

14) Show RVM Info:
    Displays detailed information about the current RVM environment, including Ruby version, gemset, and paths.
    command: rvm info


Updating and Maintenance

15) Update RVM:
    command: rvm get stable

16) Reload RVM:
    command: rvm reload

17) RVM Requirements:
    This is used to display the dependencies and requirements needed to install and use a particular Ruby version with RVM
    command: rvm requirements

18) RVM Disk-Usages:
    This command will give statistics of how rvm using disk for what features.
    command: rvm disk-usage

19) RVM Repair:
    This command lets you to repair environment.
    command: rvm repair

20) RVM Help:
    This command should be used to get full list of all commands that can be used with RVM. 
    command: rvm help

21) Generate Docs:
    Generates RVM documentation.
    command: rvm docs generate



Basic Usage

22) Help for Specific Commands:
    This command will list general help and a summary of available subcommands.
    command: rvm help



Cleanup and Maintenance

23) Clean Up Source Files:
    Cleans up source files and binaries no longer needed.
    command: rvm cleanup all

24) Check RVM Installation:
    Checks the RVM installation for potential issues and suggests fixes.
    command: rvm doctor

25) Remove Unused Rubies:
    Removes all Ruby versions that are not currently used.
    command: rvm remove rubies

26) Update All Rubies:
    Updates all installed Ruby versions to the latest patch level.
    command: rvm update --rubies
